Proposed changes to open_source_dev_contract.md - 2023-07-17_0 (#1)
Osiris-Team/Osiris-Team: open_source_dev_contract.md

Steps:

> 1. Developer Consultant sends an invoice via email to the Client covering a timespan (usually a month) of unpaid work.

Author: ```suggestion
0. Developer Consultant sends an invoice via email to the Client covering a timespan (usually a month) of unpaid work.
```

1. Client has 5 days to complete the payment upon receiving the invoice email.
    - Payment is deemed completed at the time Developer Consultant receives
      confirmation by the payment processor.

> 1. If no payment is received after the above time frame, a 15% lateness fee can be added to the overall balance per week.

Author: ```suggestion
2. If payment is not received 24 hours after the above time frame, a 15% lateness fee can be added to the overall balance per week.
```

> 1. Client has 7 days to complete the payment upon receiving the invoice email.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Client has 5 days to complete the payment upon receiving the invoice email.
```

    - Payment is deemed completed at the time Developer Consultant receives
      confirmation by the payment processor.

> 1. If no confirmation is received after 7 days, a 15% lateness fee can be added to the overall balance per week.

Author: ```suggestion
1. If no payment is received after the above time frame, a 15% lateness fee can be added to the overall balance per week.
```
